The Truth About Learning Improved Construction 1 All abstract knowledge
comprises two elements 1 Clear precise and essential models 2
Clear precise and essential connections between these models 2 The
brain is a memory-based prediction system 3 Learning all abstract
knowledge entails the process of acquisition application improvement and constr-
uction
of models 4 The brain only cares about what it
can proficiently control 5 Effortful models Adequate repetition within a
short timeframe 6 For adults learning is essentially akin to
thoroughly reading an instruction manual 7 Models of knowledge points
Subject Mechanism Application 8 Learning model Study Practice Apply Construct
1 Initiation Study Practice Application Creation Success 9 We desire
education based on production which relies on the acquisition of
non-innate skills 1 Production can only be based on learning
10 Any learning triggers further learning 11 Nurture the desire
for creation and cultivate the ability for creation 12 Creation
inevitably requires a combination of multiple skills 13 Only through
creation can learning be maximally and repeatedly triggered Creation is
the ultimate test of learning 14 To evaluate a model's
quality A good model should be clear precise and essential
if it's not essential it should be removed 15 Several
sub-models together should remain unchanged